Welcome back.
In this video, we are going to be starting off with the journey of exploring plug ins in the park.
So far, we have seen one of the important concept that was off Florida.
Now plug in is going to be announcing the build for the.
Now, before we go ahead and dive deep into plug in, let's take the consideration of this particular
application that I've developed.
So as you can see, here we are on the index start in Milpitas.
And this is a very simple application.
It just has one page.
So as you can see, it just has like a header, the content and some data here.
So in the data, we can also filter it by using this select box right here.
And we also have another page created.
So if I click on View our Product, I can see that it takes us to another page which has a couple of
products here.
Well, the content of this page is not really important.
The important part is the optimization.
So what are we trying to optimize here?
Well, so far, all the build that we had created, it had a single entry page in here.
You can see that we have multiple pages.
So we had the index page and now we have the product HTML pages.
Now when you have multiple pages, you need to be having multiple entry points.
Now, this is true when you have our traditional SDM as uses application.
So if you're using a framework such as React or maybe Angular, then this is not going to be the case.
But if you're using some traditional approach, you are going to be having multiple bundle files and
multiple entry files.
So let's go to the code and see what exactly has been implemented here.
So if I go back to our code base now, you can see that I have another folder created here called Multiple
Bundle Base.
Now, this is going to be the starting point for our application, so you can just go ahead and download
this entire project.
And this is from where we're going to be building our application or creating the web content of it.
Now, I've done this so that we do not really have to write the stimulus, he says, and spend time
here.
Instead, we can start learning that back.
Now, just to give you an overview of what all is dead in this file.
So we have the index and product HTML files.
We have the associated services and the JavaScript files as well.
Now, just to give you an overview of what's happening in the Gaza Strip files, we alluding to dependencies.
We have the Lord Edge dependency, an adjacent file which is used for loading the data.
Similar thing is happening in the product.
So we have the load as dependency and some products status here.
The product data comes from the product JSON file.
So we have two Jason files attached as well.
Okay.
And the final thing that we have we had is that in the assets folder, which the couple of images that,
as you can see here, was loaded on the estimate page.
Okay.
So that's about it of what's going on here.
Now, let's go ahead and create the rap backfield.
Now in the backfield, we're just going to be adding the back dart config.
Gorgeous.
And in this, we are going to be exporting our pack configurations.
So it's a module, not export.
Equals to an object.
And in this we need the entry and we also need the output.
So these are the basic things that we need for any of back file.
Now the changes come here in the entry.
Previously we used to be defining the entry point using the screen tool.
We used to see something like dot slash, then as RC and then maybe like a mean Dodgers or an indexed
audience.
So this used to be our entry file.
Now that things are a little bit different, we are having multiple entry files for each of the normal
files.
So how do we define that?
Well, for defining that, instead of putting up a string here, we're going to be replacing this with
an object.
So in this, we are going to be putting up an object and we are going to be defining that.
We have two entry points here.
The first entry point is our index, and the second entry point is always going to be our product page.
So we can just put it as product.
All right.
So that was done.
Now we can be actually specifying where are the main files for this?
Where is the files for each of these pages?
So in case of the index page or our main page, you can just see dark slash as our C slash.
And then we have our index dot G's.
That's right here.
So we can just put in here as index dot G's.
Same thing can be done for the product.
So you'll see a dot as our C slash products start.
Yes.
Okay.
And please note these are the keys.
It does not really have to match with your file name, so it does not necessarily have to be index.
You can just call it as you wish.
So it does not really matter.
Now we also need to be defining our output object.
So in the output we need to be defining the file name.
So I'll put up the file name.
And ideally what we used to be doing over here, we used to just say the file name is going to be like
bundled tortillas.
Now let's try to do that.
So I'm just going to be putting it as bundle dot JS.
Okay.
We also need to be defining the path as where the file is going to be kept.
So we put up the path and in here we are going to be saying but not resolve.
Now I see.
Need to be importing the part modules so we can see Gonzales.
But he calls to the choir.
But.
All right, then we have to be citing the locations or the location is going to be directory name,
comma, test.
All right, let me just fix that.
That looks good.
Okay, so we have the output and the key file fixed.
So I think we are pretty good to go right now.
We just need to be making sure that the things are being installed.
So since this is just the base package, we need to be installing the node dependencies.
So what you can do here is just go to this particular folder.
So in my case, the folder number is seven.
So I'd say CD seven, multiple bundle base.
Now in this, I'm going to be installing the dependencies to the NPM install, so that should pull up
all our Webpack dependencies and so on.
So once we have that done, let's try to run our Webpack file.
So for running the Webpack, as usual, we are going to be going to our package, Jason.
And in this you can see I already have the script created, so we do not really need to worry about
that as well.
So what I can do here is I can just type in NPM, run, build.
Okay.
So I expected to break for some reason.
Now I can see the multiple issue that has been presented to us.
The first major issue is this conflict of the files.
So it seems that there are multiple chunks to be omitted and they both have the same file in that bundle
bundled years, which is not possible.
So what's happening here?
So if you go back to our Webpack config, you can see that for two entry files.
We have said that the bundle output should be as bundle Rogers, which does not really work.
So in this case, what we are going to be doing is we are going to be using the variables.
So by default that gives us the variable called as name.
And then we can put up a dot.
So what is going to be happening now is we are going to be creating a bundle with the name and the name
is going to be called US Index and then it is going to be bundle.
So it will be two bundles index, start, bundle, Rogers and Product Dot bundle dodgers.
Okay.
So that's fixed.
Let's try to run our build once again.
So NPM, run, build.
Now, as you can see, we have successfully committed the files.
We have the two bundles created, indexed are bundle and the product are bundles.
Now if I go to the dist folder, I should be seeing the two bundles.
So we have the index and the product bundle.
Now let's try to run our mill files.
So if I click on my index, start estimates the reveal and find it.
Let's double click and open the SD mill file and things works pretty much.
But you can see that the new auto section is not working.
And this is because we are using the JavaScript here.
So let's try to inspect and see what's going on.
So if you go to the inspect and see the console, try to refresh the page once again, we do not see
any error as such.
Now the problem over here is our JavaScript is not being loaded and hence that's why the load is not
being presented over here as well.
So to fix this, if I go back to the code and in our code, if we go to the index dot estimate, we
can see that we have not really imported the bundle here.
So what we need to be doing is we need to be adding the script tags here.
So I say script.
And here I'm going to be putting these swords and then we can put the sword says, go to the dust folder
and this is the index dart panel.
The same thing can be done for the products as well.
So if I go to the product quality body section, it's all below the body section.
We can put up the script tag.
So I'll do the script as our C and this is going to be as DIST and product card one.
Okay.
So with that done, let's try to see our page once again so I can just go back to the browser, hit
refresh and things work as expected.
So we have the products listed here and my filter is working as well.
Awesome.
So thanks.
Looks pretty good.
You saw how to be creating the multiple bundles, but there's one thing that I would like to really
fix, and this is where plugins are going to be helping us a lot.
Now, as you saw when we wanted to be adding this bundles, we had to manually come in the estimate
files and create the bundle and this is not really efficient.
There's also another problem where I need to be again and again reloading my build.
So I have to come here and see NPM, run, build.
And these are the kind of problems that is going to be solved by using the plugins.
So let's take a short break and see how do we resolving this problems.